if you're close to turning 50 don't let
the number scare you don't be afraid of
50 the 12-step process of turning 50
it's filled with inspirations that you
can embrace it and empower yourself this
is Lisa samia's first book it's always
great to have you thank you very much
thank you for having me talk a lot about
empowerment in this book yes I do the
reason is when we think about
empowerment what that really means in
the process of why I wrote this book
it's empowerment is tapping into your
confidence and the power that is
actually already there sometimes I think
as we go through life we don't actually
realize some of the gifts and talents
that we have but when I wrote it when I
sat down to write this book I was coming
at a crossroads where I was saying to
myself I'd always wanted to write and I
didn't have faith in myself so how did I
make that decision to do it all of a
sudden at 50 because i found the
resource the empowerment the ability of
what was already there to create this
now you're on the other side of 50 yes
looking good right yeah you're really
good it's wonderful the whole process of
writing this book of coming out and
speaking to people about all the
different steps in the book has just
been wonderful it continues to empower
me to find ways to help other pieces
while I'm thinking you're to yourself
what was I afraid of exactly exactly I
what are you sharing with us today this
is a Middle Eastern recipe salad that I
grew up with it is actually not in this
book it is on my website Lisa Samia calm
and the reason this recipe is a little
bit different than the traditional
Middle Eastern salads is first of all
the name is called fattoush fattoush
fattoush means small crumbs and that's
going to liken to the toasted pita that
we have here that I have repaired and
what you do for this is you just put
this this is a pita bread that has been
opened like this put on a cooking sheet
little olive oil a little bit of sea
salt and garlic powder and you toast it
in the oven for like 10-15 minutes in
11th class b you want it a little bit
hard and you just set it off to the side
so then what you're going to do for the
recipe is this is about a cup and a half
of diced tomato k you put that right in
and this is a dishy say that really is a
popular dish any time of the year
anytime of the Year holidays I have this
on my table thanksgiving and you're
going to have it again and Chris
absolutely okay and this is cucumbers
and what I've done with these cucumbers
let me just show you here is I have
halved it and then quartered it and I
took out the seeds this particular
cucumber had a lot of seeds that for
this particular recipe we don't want to
have seeds so we take them out I like to
use the English cucumber because yes a
few receipt exactly but I just happened
to get this as well so we mix it or use
you just wait right and then the next
thing we're going to put in is this is a
combination of fresh mint and parsley
and this is a rough chop so you can just
has mint and parsley to get together
okay and then we're going to have a
chick peas which is a giggle it's an
excellent source of protein again a very
healthy ingredient anyways eat healthy
yes I do it okay people ask me you know
how do I stay in shape and what do I do
i am what i eat this is really what i do
except and then we're going to put about
a quarter cup of olive oil in here extra
virgin extra virgin and about a half a
cup of fresh lime and lemon juice and
you go ahead sir mixing okay great seen
that up and the next ingredient i want
to talk about is a sumac and sumac is
this particular form of sumac is found
in the Middle East specifically in
Lebanon it's grown wild and but you can
find it everywhere now absolutely you
can yes right and this particular spice
in Syrian means red so I'm just going to
put a little bit in my hand here so you
can see the beautiful red burnishing
color we're going to just add this set 2
tbsp about actually yes 2 tablespoons in
about a minute left this one okay and
then we're going to add 1 tablespoon
right exactly and a little bit of feta
cheese this is an option I know it's
getting better and better and then right
at the very end this is the fun part
this is where
the little crumbs comes in we're
actually just going to break the bread
and add it right in as part of the salad
it is so delicious it was so easy it is
so easy and it is so healthy I mean
there's no salt the only salt that's in
it is is on the bread itself and of
course if you want this recipe it is on
our website wtnh.com and click on
Connecticut style and the name of the
book again is don't be afraid of 50
we're going to try this now excellent it
I am fashionable yep okay to just say
that in there just get this really
quickly yeah I gotta have a little bit
of the fat off I love photo and they can
to check these oh we're going to add
keypad anymore this very nice thank you
very much think it is very nice thank
you thank you lisa is wonderful to have
you with us thank you for having me
today